TREATMENT CARD TAB HELP

The treatment card tab deals with the administering of medication and the recording of measurements.

There are 3 main buttons on this page, these are:

1 - View Treatment Card
2 - Administer Medication
3 - Record Measurement

VIEW TREATMENT CARD

To view a patients treatment card, you can do one of two things. One; you can select a patient from the 
list above the view treatment card button. Two; you can again use the search function to get a specific 
patients treatment card. To clear the display box, click the clear button. 

ADMINISTER MEDICATION

Only Nurses are qualified to administer medication, therefor the user must be logged in as a nurse. Ancillary
nurses cannot perform this action. Doctors theoreticaly can do this but adminstering medication is often a
task that nurses complete, so for the purposes of this prototype, doctors cannot do this either.

When the user clicks on the administer medication button, the administer medication window will pop up on screen.
This is where the nurse will choose which patient to administer a drug to. 

This page has 5 key parts required to administer medication, these are:

1 - Patient (Chosen from the list)
2 - Drug (Chosen from the list)
3 - Date (Chosen from date picker. Should be todays date)
4 - Time (Should be numerical and be between 0000 and 2359)
5 - Nurse (Chosen from the list)

Once all details are inputted into the form, click on the administer medication button, if successful a 
confirmation message should appear on screen, an error message should appear on screen otherwise.

Alternatively click on the cancel button to close the administer medication window.

RECORD MEASUREMENT

Both ancillary nurses and regular nurses can record measurements. 

When the user clicks on record measurement button, the record measurement window opens, where the nurse
will fill out the form to record a measurment. The form contains 7 key parts, these are:

1 - Patient (Chosen from the list)
2 - Date (Chosen from date picker. Should be todays date)
3 - Time (Should be numerical and be between 0000 and 2359)
4 - Systolic Blood Pressure (Numerical value)
5 - Diastolic Blood Pressure (Numerical value)
6 - Temperature (Numerical value)
7 - Nurse (Chosen from the list)

Once the form is completed, click on the record measurement button. If the data entered is valid, a message box
will pop on screen confirming the measurement has been recorded. If it is unsuccessful an error message appears.

Alternatively, the user can click on the cancel button to return to the home page.

For more information please contact developers at mrtomscott98@gmail.com

Thank you.