PATIENT TAB HELP PAGE

Welcome to the Patient Tab Help Page.

There are 3 main buttons on this tab. 

1 - Add Patient.
2 - Remove Patient.
3 - List All Patients.

In addition there is a search box that allows the user to enter a Patients unique NHS Number and search for them.
There is also a clear button which can be used to clear the display box.

ADD PATIENT

The Add Patient window is used to add a new patient to the hospital system. Doctors and Nurses can do this.
To add a patient to the system you will need 5 pieces of information. These are:

- Full Name (Letters A-Z only)
- Address (Letters and Numbers only)
- Town (Letters A-Z only)
- Postcode (Letters and Numbers only, 6-8 characters long)
- Consultant (Chosen from the list)

Once all of these pieces of data have been input into the add patient form, the user should click
the add patient button and the system should add the patient to the system. If an error has occured an
error message will appear on screen to inform the user.

Alternatively, the user can click on the cancel button to close the window and return to the home page.

REMOVE PATIENT

The remove patient window is used to remove a patient from the system. ONLY DOCTORS HAVE THIS PRIVELLAGE. 
To remove a patient from the system, simply select the desired patient to be removed from the list.

A message box should appear on screen to inform the user if a patient has been successfully removed.

Alternatively, the user can click on the cancel button to close the window and return to the home page.

LIST ALL PATIENTS

Clicking on the list all patients button will display all patients stored in the system on the display box. 
This can be done by both doctors and nurses. Alternatively, the user can search for a specific patient by
using the search function.

To use the search function, type in a patients unique NHS Number and click on the search button. To clear 
the display box and search box click on the clear button.

For any other information, contact developer at mrtomscott98@gmail.com

Thank you.